Did not process What is the most Chinese-style name/brand?

Did not process What if Arvind Kejriwal was not an IITian?

Did not process Who are you?

Did not process Are we all Bayesians?

Did not process What is Addepar?

Did not process How is 0/0=2?

Did not process What does relateIQ do?

Did not process Which would you rather be stuck in a room with for an extended period, a smartass or a dumbass, and why?

Did not process What are some must-read HBR posts/articles?

Did not process Why not PhoneGap?

Did not process What is Quora?

Did not process What is zepto.js?

Did not process What am I?

Did not process What is ibeacons?

Did not process Who were the Aryans?

Did not process What is demosclerosis?

Did not process What is a Lagrangian?

Did not process Is Quora idiot-proof?

Did not process What is UTF8?

Did not process What is this?

Did not process Who was humblefool?

Did not process What is CafeBots about?

Did not process What are we?

Did not process Is JDK_HOME for the JDK and JAVA_HOME for the JRE?

Did not process Why are we here?

Did not process Naaz

Did not process Why isn't it easy to buy tardigrades as pets?

Did not process What are some must-follow subreddits?

Did not process Why me and not you?

Did not process Why not now?

Did not process How is Gigya doing?

Did not process Why me?

Best Match for the question  Why is everyone so obsessed with picking faults with Apple's new maps on the iPhone?
is : What do Apple employees think of the iOS 6 Maps app?

Best Match for the question  Who is the most over-rated Bollywood actor?
is : Who is the most versatile actor or actress in bollywood?

Best Match for the question  What did it take to publish your first paper in the top journal in your field?
is : What was the paper that took many years to get published?

Best Match for the question  What is negative working capital?
is : Why are VCs so negative?

Best Match for the question  Which creates the most wealth for general partners: private equity funds or hedge funds?
is : Which requires the most talent - hedge funds, private equity, banking, or venture capital?

Best Match for the question  What are the most famous Japanese works of art?
is : Which are some Classical Chinese phrases or characters that are commonly used in modern Japanese but not as much in modern Chinese?

Best Match for the question  How does Quine Relay work?
is : How does SoundHound work?

Best Match for the question  How good in math was Paul Dirac?
is : What things can Math describe better than English?

Best Match for the question  What could a 16 year old boy do to earn some profit and acquire experience with capital of $1500?
is : How should I use $4,000 to make a profit of $20,000 in a year? Should I buy stocks or invest in small business?

Best Match for the question  How does signup/registration form length impact conversion?
is : What are "impact points" on ResearchGate?

Best Match for the question  What has the experience been like for people taking part in Adeo Ressi's Founder Institute program?
is : How do programs like Y Combinator and TechStars compare to The Founder Institute?

Best Match for the question  Does China secretly want to invade and conquer the US?
is : Why did the Huns led by Atilla invade Europe and not China?

Best Match for the question  What fashion is popular with Chinese teenagers?
is : Who are the most popular fashion bloggers in China?

Best Match for the question  Who are some of the most impressive teacher/student or mentor/protegee pair in fiction?
is : Who are the best anti-heroes of fiction?

Best Match for the question  Will the United States become even more divided?
is : How can I become the President of the United States in 50 years?

Best Match for the question  What are some good seven word stories?
is : What is the best story you can write in fewer than 100 words?

Best Match for the question  Do imaginary numbers actually exist?
is : Does there exist a non-zero number for which its double and long representation are bit equivalent?

Best Match for the question  What are the radiation implications of having the Wi-Fi iPad positioned partially on your body for hours a day?
is : How is the water bear able to survive such extreme conditions, including the vacuum of space and UV radiation?

Best Match for the question  In an all-cash acquisition, what happens to the stock owned by employees?
is : Should startup employees prefer stock options or increased salary?

Best Match for the question  How did you feel when you sold your startup?
is : What does it feel like to sell startup money?

Best Match for the question  What is the most bizarre/toughest/oddest question you have been asked in a job interview?
is : What one question do you always ask applicants in a job interview, and why?

Best Match for the question  How long did it take you to get 1000+ followers on your blog and what is the best advice you'd give to someone starting a blog?
is : What are the best ways to get more Twitter followers?

Best Match for the question  What happened to the character Santiago in Friday Night Lights?
is : What happened to JD McCoy's character in the last season of Friday Night Lights?

Best Match for the question  Many Quorans make it sound so easy to make money and start a business, is this really true?
is : What businesses make money in non obvious ways?

Best Match for the question  If you could pass a law, what law would it be?
is : What do you think there should be a law against?

Best Match for the question  What was the toughest time of your life?
is : Which has been the toughest decision of your life? Did it turn out to be the right one?

Best Match for the question  What is the biggest misconception of Indians about Indian Politics?
is : What are the biggest misconceptions that Indians have about India?

Best Match for the question  Is India startup friendly?
is : What are the emerging startups in India?

Best Match for the question  Is honesty the best policy? If so, why are so many people wary of being honest?
is : How honest are you when people ask how you're doing?

Best Match for the question  What is the biggest problem in your life right now?
is : What are the three biggest problems on earth right now?

Best Match for the question  What is the best car-sharing service to use in San Francisco: City CarShare, ZipCar, RelayRides, or Getaround?
is : Why do some people think San Francisco is the best city in the world?

Best Match for the question  What makes a great internship experience?
is : What are good skills to have for an internship?

Best Match for the question  What are basic facts every person should know?
is : What's one thing every single person should know how to do?

Best Match for the question  What would happen to the economy if the internet was down for 30 minutes?
is : Which website would you like to surf if you had came to know that the Internet would end in 15 minutes?

Best Match for the question  What are some fun ways you can ensure you're learning something?
is : Do you think there is something that everyone should learn? Why?

Best Match for the question  What are the most impressive intellectual achievements completed by persons under 20 years old?
is : Who are some of the highly accomplished athletes known to have outstanding academic records?

Best Match for the question  What is the single best thing you've removed from your life? Why?
is : What is the weirdest thing you've done in your school/college life?

Best Match for the question  What's the hardest part about cooking healthy food?
is : How do I cook good and healthy food when living alone?

Best Match for the question  What are some must-read books written by successful entrepreneurs?
is : What books should entrepreneurs read?

Best Match for the question  I'm on an Android, and want to play chess with friends using iPhones.  What app can I use to do this?
is : Which Android Apps make the phone a great tool?

Best Match for the question  What is the link between rabies and hydrophobia?
is : Do the psychiatric adverse effects of toxoplasmosis infection last after the infection ended?

Best Match for the question  Who are the worst Britons to have ever lived? Why?
is : Who is the greatest man/woman that ever lived and why?

Best Match for the question  What is the ultimate secret of stock trading?
is : Is it possible to learn about investing in stocks, trading and how the market works by ourselves?

Best Match for the question  What are the most creative ways you could market your startup with only $50?
is : What are the most creative ways that a startup addressing a two-sided marketplace has enticed people to try its product/service?

Best Match for the question  In an A/B test, how do I calculate statistical confidence for revenue per visitor?
is : Where can I find data on average cost per action (CPA) rates by vertical?

Best Match for the question  What are the alternatives to custom search besides Google CSE, Y! BOSS and  IndexTank?
is : Why is Yahoo not as innovative as Google?

Best Match for the question  Who are the best criminal hackers in Silicon Valley?
is : Who are the best programmers in Silicon Valley, and why?

Best Match for the question  Why do most people advise you to "be yourself"?
is : Why do people advise "traveling" so much when I ask them about life advice?

Best Match for the question  Why did Adolf Hitler get so angry whenever he gave a speech?
is : I get nervous when I give a speech in front of people. How do I get rid of my nerves?

Best Match for the question  Can you solve my name in math?
is : How do math geniuses learn math?

Best Match for the question  Why is Africa so poor?
is : Why is India so poor?

Best Match for the question  What things take more time to build than to destroy?
is : What things take more time to destroy than build?

Best Match for the question  What is the real risk of pirating Microsoft software as a startup business vs an individual user?
is : Is there a secret inverse Moore's law that major software companies (Microsoft, Google) apply to their products, in collaboration with hardware companies?

Best Match for the question  What is it like to direct a film you've also written?
is : Is there website similar to Goodreads, but for movies? I like the idea of being able to create shelves for books, but it would also be good to list movies one has seen according to their genre.

Best Match for the question  What should everyone know about the Business Model Canvas?
is : What should everyone know about Quora?

Best Match for the question  What are some of the best sports quotes of all time?
is : What is the best sports quote you have read recently?

Best Match for the question  Who has wasted the most time of your life?
is : What do you do if you're 24 and have wasted a lot of time?

Best Match for the question  What advice would you give to a 16/17 year old who wants to become an astronaut?
is : What advice would you give to a 16/17 year old girl who wants to become a physicist?

Best Match for the question  As a non-student, how do you keep up with interesting work in academia?
is : How do I know whether I should continue with academia if my PhD is in trouble?

Best Match for the question  What is the one food you love but wish it was better for you?
is : What is something you wish you were better at?

Best Match for the question  PhD students: How do you keep your notes while reading scientific papers?
is : How many research articles do PhD students read during their entire PhD, on average?

Best Match for the question  What is the one attitude that you appreciate the most ?
is : How does one cultivate a positive attitude?

Best Match for the question  Do you think the "McDonald's hot coffee" lawsuit is frivolous after more information came out after the plaintiffs death?
is : Will Mountain View yogurt shop Yoogl be sued by Google for trademark infringement?

Best Match for the question  What are the misconceptions of Cyrus as a character in Scandal (TV series)?
is : How has Cyrus evolved as a character in Scandal (TV series)?

Best Match for the question  Why is travelling so important in life?
is : What is not important in life?

Best Match for the question  What's the most heartbreaking novel you've ever read?
is : What is the most infuriating book you've ever read?

Best Match for the question  How do some of the successful web/mobile companies track user engagement?
is : What products have the very best onboarding user experiences?

Best Match for the question  How is Shah Rukh Khan different from the other Khans or actors of Bollywood?
is : What is so great about Shah Rukh Khan?

Best Match for the question  What sort of skill test should a UX Designer expect during a job interview?
is : How does one prepare for a UX Design job interview?

Best Match for the question  Does window.location.hash work across all browsers?
is : What are the ways to code a browser add-on application?

Best Match for the question  I am unable to choose between PHP/Codeigniter, Ruby/Rails, and Python/Django for development of an online job portal with heavy traffic, can anyone suggest me which technology to use?
is : If you were to start a website with as much traffic as Facebook from day 1, what technologies would you use to make it?

Best Match for the question  What type of answers are employers looking for during a pre-employment assessment test?
is : Which tests test what types of reasoning one is best at?

Best Match for the question  Is Globallshare a scam or is it legit?
is : What are some businesses that are in the gray zone between scam and legitimate?

Best Match for the question  In one sentence, how would you advise someone to become financially wealthy?
is : Does one person becoming more wealthy necessarily mean another becomes poorer?

Best Match for the question  Which app or program has become indispensable to your daily life?
is : As a 19-year-old, how should I plan my life to become a successful person?

Best Match for the question  What is so great about Quora?
is : What are some great work-outs for the mind/brain?

Best Match for the question  Why do so many Americans act like life ends after college?
is : Are there any people who had a pathetic college life?

Best Match for the question  What does it mean when I want to torture animals to death?
is : If you were an animal, what animal would you want to be and why?

Best Match for the question  What is it like to be a Goldman Sachs entry level associate?
is : What is salary/bonus like for entry level investment professional at PIMCO?

Best Match for the question  What am I missing out on by going to MIT over Stanford? How can I make up for it?
is : How many former IMO, IOI, IPhO, IChO competitors go to MIT, Stanford, Caltech, CMU, Harvard, Princeton each year?

Best Match for the question  How are technical support staff for a Cricket team hired and how is the experience of working in such jobs?
is : If programmers are in such demand, why are companies not hiring people with skills that lack "on the job" experience?

Best Match for the question  What are examples of tech businesses that run on auto-pilot?
is : Do you have to be tech savvy to start a business these days?

Best Match for the question  What is a dangerous metaphor, quote, phrase, or piece of advice that has gotten people into trouble?
is : What is the stupidest piece of advice someone has given you?

Best Match for the question  What advice can neuroscientists give to UI/UX designers?
is : What advice would you give to a wannabe product designer with no previous knowledge?

Best Match for the question  Is there any academic research about the economic impact of corporate buses in San Francisco?
is : How did the Puritans influence the political, economic, and social development of the US North from 1630 through 1850?

Best Match for the question  How can I develop interest in my studies?
is : How do you develop a genuine interest in something you have no interest in?

Best Match for the question  How do I find out about the business model of a company?
is : What is Edmodo's business model?

Best Match for the question  What are the best books on Roman History?
is : Which Malcolm Gladwell book is the best?

Best Match for the question  How should a small startup find office space in Palo Alto?
is : What are the major startups based in downtown Palo Alto?

Best Match for the question  What happens when a country defaults?
is : What happens to countries in debt?

Best Match for the question  What is the closest TextMate equivalent for Linux (excluding Emacs and Vim) to be used primarily for Python development?
is : How useful is Matlab, for Kaggle, as compared with R and Python?

Best Match for the question  What do traders think about stopping high-frequency trading by having financial markets clear every second?
is : What's the dificulty of getting a Trading Assistant/Junior Trader job in a major financial centre?

Best Match for the question  Should there be a law that if parents take their kids' phones away, the parents should give them back in less than 20 minutes?
is : How do parents think about the decision to send their kids to boarding school?

Best Match for the question  How did AC win the war of currents? What makes it superior for the distribution of electricity?
is : Do people want Free electricity with 8-10 hours of power cuts like in Delhi or 24 hours power supply at relatively higher prices like in Gujarat?

Best Match for the question  How did Instagram get its first 25,000 signups?
is : How did Shopify get started?

Best Match for the question  What drove Quora's recent spike in traffic (July, 2013)?
is : How was TechCrunch traffic affected by their major redesign in July 2011?

Best Match for the question  What are you supposed to do with your life?
is : Life: If your life was one colour, what colour would you be?

Best Match for the question  What are some startup ideas for India?
is : What are the emerging startups in India?

Best Match for the question  Why do they call fellow Indians "chutiya"? What does that mean?
is : What do other Indians think of Kannadigas?

Best Match for the question  What are the most sinister real-world conspiracies in history?
is : What is the most ridiculous and amusing conspiracy theory ever?

--- 115.696314096 seconds ---
